Boss: How good are you at PowerPoint?
Me: I Excel at it.
Boss: Was that a Microsoft Office pun?
Me: You have my Wörd.
Boss: You have a bright Outlook.
Me: I have good Visio(n).

I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger, but then it hit me.

What do you call a wizard who is running late for the Hogwarts Express?
Hurry Potter!

What did the project Manager say to the programmer?
You start coding, and I’ll go find out what they want.

Another: The problems with git jokes? Everyone has their own version!

Why did the hipster burn his mouth on pizza? 
Because he ate it before it was cool.

What do you say to a Llama that loves picnicking? 
Alpaca lunch.

Git never rains but Git pours.

What’s the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy and the other is a little lighter

Me: How many devs does it take to change a lightbuld?
Boss for(i = 0; i < lightbulb; i++) {
    // NaN;
}

!false - (it's funny because it's true)

Git never rains but Git pours.

I used to work as a programmer for autocorrect….
Then they fried me for no raisin.

Git never rains but Git pours.

So what if I don’t know what apocalypse means? It’s not the end of the world!

got no pun, i'm done
give me my shark;;;

Barista: How do you take your coffee? Me: Very, very seriously.

Me: What type of apartment does a pun live in?
Also me: The pun-thouse!

Git never rains but Git pours.

Don't leave me haj and DRY

-Why was the JavaScript reality show cancelled after only one episode?
-People thought it seemed scripted.

Git never rains but Git pours.

안녕하세요. 어떻게 지내세요?
Here are my jokes:
I have a few jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
I was digging in our garden and found a chest full of gold coins. I wanted to run straight home to tell my wife about it. Then I remembered why I was digging in our garden.

Bob: Varför har Ibrahimovic en sne näsa?
Johan: Vet ej???
Bob: För att någon har slaathan (skånska)....

Waking up this morning was an eye-opening experience.

What you call it when computer programmers make fun of each other?
Cyber boolean…

Two JavaScript variables are in a bar.
"I'm sorry I cannot be with you, your so not my Type.", one says.
The other Recasts and they lived happily ever after.

i dont have a branch to do this right
its forked basically


Why are iPhone chargers not called Apple Juice?!

Why didnt the skeleton go to the party?
because he had no body to go with

allergiker är inte slöa
de är gräsmatta

Git never rains but Git pours.

Long fairy tales have a tendency to dragon.

When I come across a door that says "PUSH", I pull on it first just to make sure I don't cause any conflicts.

Why did the programmer quit his job?
Because he didn’t get arrays.

When i see a door with a push sign, i pull first to avoid conflicts !!!

